Good morning, family.
Thank you for joining us again tonight.
We really appreciate it.
We're just reading this book, "In Him," by Brother Kenneth E.
Hagin.
Dad Hagin always had the nuggets.
I just go over and over all these books.
She got a whole bunch more this week.
Well, thank you for joining me today, Diana.
Yes, I wanted to go over some things, but I was going to have you see what questions they asked.
You can look at it.
Do you have any questions?
You know, I never really just open it up with questions, but I'll go over some of the things we talked about this last prayer session.
I took the time to really pray over what the Lord has been showing me because of the persecution that was brought with it.
And the Lord said, "Braden, I told you you were called to say the hard things, and the ones that say they really like you, there'll be times when they turn against you because of what I have you say.
" And he went over and he was talking about the prophet talking to David.
The prophet Nathan went and told David something very hard.
But David was loved amongst the people.
Everybody loved David.
David was the man.
But nobody knew what was going on behind closed doors.
When the men were out to war, David was at home looking at naked women on the balcony, messing around and doing things.
But it wasn't a popular thing.
But Nathan pulled David aside privately and said, "This is what the Lord has to say to you.
" And sometimes, out of what I believe the Lord gives me, are these words of warning, words of affirmation, words of correction that are not always easy to give.
But Nathan did it, and it wasn't the easy thing to do because David was popular.
David was loved.
But nobody knew what was going on behind David's door when no one was looking.
And sometimes we can see people.
I'm not accusing anybody of anything.
I only hear in part, I see in part.
And sometimes whenever a voice like mine speaks against somebody that is very pretty with pretty eyes and you say this is what's coming and storms and things like that, people get really ticked off at you because you touch their pets, the things that are important to them.
But the Lord is saying, "I have this to say regardless.
" Then I say, just like Saul, Saul was a bad man, was killing Christians and was wrong, was awful, and the prophet didn't even want to go and pray for him after he went blind.
He was scared for his life.
But the Lord said, "Go and pray for him and I'll restore his sight.
" It wasn't an easy thing.
But he spoke and said, "This is what God said.
" But Paul, that was Saul, turned around and was one of the greatest voices of the Bible.
And so, you know, it's not always easy.
And like I tell you all, I see Candace and I saw all these things.
I don't know what she stands for.
I do not watch her program.
I personally see darkness.
But the Lord said that he had a plan for her life.
And I want you to speak this in and make it public that I have a plan for her to go before a major door.
And I've prayed over what I've told you all immensely.
I'm talking more prayer over this than I've prayed over a lot of things because of how heavy the word was and what I had said publicly.
And I take this very seriously that I speak and I see and I deliver words accurately and they're not in the flesh.
Regardless of how it's liked or how it's disliked, I am not working for you.
I'm working for Him and I'm sold out to Him.
And it's just like when I went to that pastor before and I said, "Sir, if you don't repent and change, your whole church is going down within a couple months.
" Not knowing that he was committing adultery on his wife the whole time.
He lost everything and the building and the church doesn't even exist now.
And it was a $20 million building.
$20 million.
And it was paid off.
He lost the congregation, lost it all.
I've given some real dandy words where I thought they were going to egg me on my way out of the building, but I've given them and I was bold.
I've done it three times to three ministers, and each one of them has fallen with adultery.
Every single one of them.
And every single one of them, the Lord said, "I'm warning you to change.
I want you to repent and change and come back to my heart.
" And every one of them was accurate, and I know His voice.
So when I warn you about the things I'm warning you about, just pray about it if you don't believe it because I can miss it.
We're all human.
I'm not trying to justify and say, "Well, Brandon's always right.
" I'm not always right.
I'm just as human as all of you are.
But I just keep seeking His face.
So if I say the Lord wants to use Candace in the future with maybe a Senate position or something huge in government, then we need to pray for her because that means His hand is on her to do something.
Does she stand against the Jews?
From what I understand, yes.
I don't agree that I stand with the Jews wholeheartedly.
I pray for the Jews.
I pray for the peace of Jerusalem.
Do I stand with the government of Israel all the time?
No, I don't.
Just like I don't stand with our government, but I still pray for them.
Do I like what the Democrats do when Joe Biden's in power or Obama?
No.
When Obama won the second term, I wept myself to sleep.
I'll never forget when Mitt Romney lost and I was sitting there going, "What are we going into for another four years?
" When people were rejoicing, going, "Oh, four more years," they were so excited and I was like, "Oh God, our country is coming to an end.
" But God had His hand on it and brought us through, and we still prayed for him.
But even in the midst of me telling you what I saw about Candace, God can turn a Saul into a Paul.
Did I say that right?
Yes.
Sometimes I go, "You got a filter?
What is it?
" But the Lord showed me what He showed me.
But is it the rabbit hole?
And I'll say this and close with this because we got to move on.
Is the rabbit hole that He said don't keep going down because it will cost you your life?
Is it your life of what He's wanting to do or is it physically?
Some things are metaphors.
Stop looking down the rabbit hole.
I have more for you to do.
Don't keep going down these conspiracies.
Don't keep going down this stuff.
I have more for you to do behind another door.
It will cost you your future.
So, is this a warning of life and death or is this a warning about a career?
That's for her to decide.
That's not my business.
I just deliver the word.
But then people go, "Well, are you threatening?
What is that saying?
" I don't know, folks.
I just deliver the word.
But I know that the Lord said He had more for her to do according to what the Lord is saying.
You know what?
He sees the heart of the individual and He sees that there's potential there to do something major for Him and be a mouthpiece for Him.
Do I agree with everything she says?
I don't even know what the woman says.
So, I have to say that I want to make that very clear, but Brandon Biggs just delivers the hard things and it's not always easy standing on this side of the camera, and I appreciate your prayers.
If you don't agree with what I say, pray for me.
Please pray for me because I'm just as human as you are.
And in that, I ask you to give me grace whenever I give a word across a camera that is very hard for me to even give.
It takes a lot of courage to stand on this side and tell that there's going to be another Watergate and that JD Vance is going to be at the helm of it.
It's not easy to say that.
The Lord said it hasn't happened yet, but there's coming a day when JD Vance will—this would be very bad.
And you must pray for this nation because if this would happen, it would derail something very bad.
Something very bad would happen.
And the Lord said, "You must pray for his heart, for he's not who he says he is in the future.
" Now, what would happen?
Just like we saw Amy Coney Barrett, we all thought she was great and it was going to be awesome.
But as she goes, the bitterness and the hardness of the position makes you change.
If you're not word-based and you are not rooted and grounded in love, power and responsibility change you because your character wasn't there to handle it.
To whom much is given, much is required.
And if JD Vance got to be president, I saw a different man.
What changes a man is pressure, but it was always there.
It's like people say money ruins a man.
No, the man was already ruined before he got the money.
The money just magnified who he was.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
It's not the money; it's the character of the man already.
So that's what I'm trying to tell you all: I'm seeing these things.
And then I saw, and then I heard, a Monica Lewinsky-Marilyn Monroe scandal, and then I heard "before a storm" and all these things.
So, I just wanted to try to put this to rest to help you all.
I know God has his hand on every single one of us and that if he can use me, he can use Candace.
You all don't remember; nobody even knows me.
But I want to say this: I may not have a huge platform like some of these people have, but I want to ask you this for the people who really got upset at me about Erica: If she was 350 lbs with a shaved head, would you still support her like you do?
I mean, it's a hard question, but if she was 350 pounds and she'd come on there—some husbands get murdered all the time—but a lot of times we gravitate towards the beautiful, and because it's beautiful, it's perfect.
But does it make it perfect?
It just makes it human.
But if she was a really good person on the inside, 350 pounds with a shaved head, would you still like her?
It shows the body of Christ is blinded by stupid stuff.
In my opinion, just because someone's pretty doesn't make them always good.
Just because they're fat doesn't make them bad.
You must follow with discernment of the spirit and be led by the spirit instead of by what you see with your carnal view.
You're too moved by your eyes, ladies and gentlemen.
There's a lot of you that do not have discernment at all.
You must pray more and seek his face more.
It's time to come up higher.
And I'm not saying she's a bad person; I don't know her either.
But it's amazing to me how quickly the body of Christ is a bandwagon person.
And they go down the road of the pretty person, of the celebrity, of this, of that.
And if you keep being led by your emotions and by your eyes, your eyes will deceive you in the days ahead.
The Antichrist will look really polished and beautiful, and many people will follow him like that.
He may look great and he'll have a great feeling, but how many people will surrender themselves to him just because he has a shiny thing?
Don't follow the shiny thing just because they're beautiful, just because their eyes are pretty.
Just because they might be a supermodel, I don't care what they look like.
It's the heart of a man that I'm interested in, or the heart of a woman.
Let's seek them.
And you say, "Well, I see the heart.
" Do you?
I question you.
Do you see the heart?
Well, yes, they cry on the stage and they say all these wonderful things.
I don't care what you say; an actor says a lot, too.
I love some good movies, but because they play the role doesn't mean they're always right.
And you go, "Well, I saw Jim Caviezel and boy, he sure looked like Jesus in that movie," but I don't know Jim Caviezel outside of that set.
But if I would walk up to him and go, "There's Jesus," that ain't Jesus.
I try to paint a picture for you with words to make it more relatable because there's so many of you all that are blinded by so much, and the blind are leading the blind.
And the more we get in these end times, if you're not rooted in the word of God and have a backbone like a crowbar, you're going to be swayed by a lot of stuff.
The dark's going to get darker and the light is going to get lighter.
You must find Jesus for yourself, not for something that's popular and trending.
David again was popular and trending, but he was sleeping with Bathsheba and her husband was off to war.
And when he didn't come home and lay down with her and get her pregnant to cover up David's sin, he was murdered.
David thought he was doing right in his eyes by covering it up and trying to protect the platform, but David was wrong as all could be, and his baby died because of it.
Do you know it's not always easy to be the one that gives the word?
Not saying I'm trying to say Erica is a bad person; I don't know her.
But you have to be smarter than this, folks.
So, do they have any questions?
And then I'll go on to Venezuela.
I'm just saying mic drop.
Mic drop is what somebody said.
I prayed over this a lot.
Somebody say anything we can pray for you to support you better.
Any cure for the plague?
There will be no cure for the plague.
The only cure is Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
That's why he keeps telling you, you must know your authority for what's coming.
They made it this way on purpose.
And it will be intermingled with AI technology for high blood pressure, diabetic medicine, and cholesterol—things like that.
And it will be made so that it's spliced somehow with major pharmaceutical drugs for a genocide from obesity.
As the Lord has warned me so many times about my weight, genocide of obesity, that was the main plague.
And the Lord said, "Watch it for people who are on medicine for it.
" And that's what the Lord said.
And as I said, I'm not trying to call you to fear; I'm trying to call you to prayer.
And as I have studied today, getting back vertical, because it's so easy to go horizontal on this and be worried about what everybody thinks or emails.
You wouldn't believe the inundation of things.
But as I sought the Father, I found him and I listened to his heart, and he said, "I'm pleased with you for delivering the hard things.
" And I told you as it goes, the days ahead, they will be proven to be accurate.
Just stand where I've told you to stand and deliver the words that I've told you to deliver even when they're not popular with man.
I told you to pray for Erica, pray for Candace.
Do I think that it has to do with everything that Candace is saying?
Heavens, no.
Do I feel like she's off in some things?
Yes, major red flags.
After I hear some of these videos, I go, "Caution, there's some things here.
" But the Lord said it's going down the rabbit hole, but not all things down the rabbit hole.
A conspiracy is a conspiracy.
Whatever she's saying, there's facts to some of it.
There's something to Charlie's death.
Pray for that to be uncovered.
There's more to it than just some transgender guy shooting somebody.
There's more to this.
And the Lord said, "You must not just look at it like this.
Step away from the trees, ladies and gentlemen.
You're too close.
You're in the forest, but you don't see.
" And the Lord said, "There's more to this concerning this man's death.
" And people say, "Well, Brandon, I believe it just has to do with the transgender.
" No, it's deeper.
There's something deeper.
And the Lord said it's not for me to go down the rabbit hole.
I don't care.
My focus and my task is to keep telling you what's coming.
I don't have time to go down the rabbit hole.
I know there's corruption in our government.
Something very bad would happen.
And the Lord said, "You must pray for his heart, for he's not who he says he is in the future.
" Now, what would happen?
Just like we saw Amy Coney Barrett, we all thought she was great and it was going to be awesome.
But as she goes, the bitterness and the hardness of the position makes you change.
If you're not word-based and you are not rooted and grounded in love, power and responsibility change you because your character wasn't there to handle it.
To whom much is given, much is required.
And if JD Vance got to be president, I saw a different man.
What changes a man is pressure, but it was always there.
It's like people say money ruins a man.
No, the man was already ruined before he got the money.
The money just magnified who he was.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
It's not the money; it's the character of the man already.
So that's what I'm trying to tell you all: I'm seeing these things.
And then I saw, and then I heard, a Monica Lewinsky-Marilyn Monroe scandal, and then I heard "before a storm" and all these things.
So, I just wanted to try to put this to rest to help you all.
I know God has his hand on every single one of us and that if he can use me, he can use Candace.
You all don't remember; nobody even knows me.
But I want to say this: I may not have a huge platform like some of these people have, but I want to ask you this for the people who really got upset at me about Erica: If she was 350 lbs with a shaved head, would you still support her like you do?
I mean, it's a hard question, but if she was 350 pounds and she'd come on there—some husbands get murdered all the time—but a lot of times we gravitate towards the beautiful, and because it's beautiful, it's perfect.
But does it make it perfect?
It just makes it human.
But if she was a really good person on the inside, 350 pounds with a shaved head, would you still like her?
It shows the body of Christ is blinded by stupid stuff.
In my opinion, just because someone's pretty doesn't make them always good.
Just because they're fat doesn't make them bad.
You must follow with discernment of the spirit and be led by the spirit instead of by what you see with your carnal view.
You're too moved by your eyes, ladies and gentlemen.
There's a lot of you that do not have discernment at all.
You must pray more and seek his face more.
It's time to come up higher.
And I'm not saying she's a bad person; I don't know her either.
But it's amazing to me how quickly the body of Christ is a bandwagon person.
And they go down the road of the pretty person, of the celebrity, of this, of that.
And if you keep being led by your emotions and by your eyes, your eyes will deceive you in the days ahead.
The Antichrist will look really polished and beautiful, and many people will follow him like that.
He may look great and he'll have a great feeling, but how many people will surrender themselves to him just because he has a shiny thing?
Don't follow the shiny thing just because they're beautiful, just because their eyes are pretty.
Just because they might be a supermodel, I don't care what they look like.
It's the heart of a man that I'm interested in, or the heart of a woman.
Let's seek them.
And you say, "Well, I see the heart.
" Do you?
I question you.
Do you see the heart?
Well, yes, they cry on the stage and they say all these wonderful things.
I don't care what you say; an actor says a lot, too.
I love some good movies, but because they play the role doesn't mean they're always right.
And you go, "Well, I saw Jim Caviezel and boy, he sure looked like Jesus in that movie," but I don't know Jim Caviezel outside of that set.
But if I would walk up to him and go, "There's Jesus," that ain't Jesus.
I try to paint a picture for you with words to make it more relatable because there's so many of you all that are blinded by so much, and the blind are leading the blind.
And the more we get in these end times, if you're not rooted in the word of God and have a backbone like a crowbar, you're going to be swayed by a lot of stuff.
The dark's going to get darker and the light is going to get lighter.
You must find Jesus for yourself, not for something that's popular and trending.
David again was popular and trending, but he was sleeping with Bathsheba and her husband was off to war.
And when he didn't come home and lay down with her and get her pregnant to cover up David's sin, he was murdered.
David thought he was doing right in his eyes by covering it up and trying to protect the platform, but David was wrong as all could be, and his baby died because of it.
Do you know it's not always easy to be the one that gives the word?
Not saying I'm trying to say Erica is a bad person; I don't know her.
But you have to be smarter than this, folks.
So, do they have any questions?
And then I'll go on to Venezuela.
I'm just saying mic drop.
Mic drop is what somebody said.
I prayed over this a lot.
Somebody say anything we can pray for you to support you better.
Any cure for the plague?
There will be no cure for the plague.
The only cure is Psalm 91 and Psalm 23.
That's why he keeps telling you, you must know your authority for what's coming.
They made it this way on purpose.
And it will be intermingled with AI technology for high blood pressure, diabetic medicine, and cholesterol—things like that.
And it will be made so that it's spliced somehow with major pharmaceutical drugs for a genocide from obesity.
As the Lord has warned me so many times about my weight, genocide of obesity, that was the main plague.
And the Lord said, "Watch it for people who are on medicine for it.
" And that's what the Lord said.
And as I said, I'm not trying to call you to fear; I'm trying to call you to prayer.
And as I have studied today, getting back vertical, because it's so easy to go horizontal on this and be worried about what everybody thinks or emails.
You wouldn't believe the inundation of things.
But as I sought the Father, I found him and I listened to his heart, and he said, "I'm pleased with you for delivering the hard things.
" And I told you as it goes, the days ahead, they will be proven to be accurate.
Just stand where I've told you to stand and deliver the words that I've told you to deliver even when they're not popular with man.
I told you to pray for Erica, pray for Candace.
Do I think that it has to do with everything that Candace is saying?
Heavens, no.
Do I feel like she's off in some things?
Yes, major red flags.
After I hear some of these videos, I go, "Caution, there's some things here.
" But the Lord said it's going down the rabbit hole, but not all things down the rabbit hole.
A conspiracy is a conspiracy.
Whatever she's saying, there's facts to some of it.
There's something to Charlie's death.
Pray for that to be uncovered.
There's more to it than just some transgender guy shooting somebody.
There's more to this.
And the Lord said, "You must not just look at it like this.
Step away from the trees, ladies and gentlemen.
You're too close.
You're in the forest, but you don't see.
" And the Lord said, "There's more to this concerning this man's death.
" And people say, "Well, Brandon, I believe it just has to do with the transgender.
" No, it's deeper.
There's something deeper.
And the Lord said it's not for me to go down the rabbit hole.
I don't care.
My focus and my task is to keep telling you what's coming.
I don't have time to go down the rabbit hole.
I know there's corruption in our government.
Was it ready, baby?
You're a good boy, Braden.
He's awesome.
Look, everybody loves Braden.
Yeah.
Do they see it?
That's happening in Mexico today.
Does everybody know that was going on today?
They're upset about their government.
Are there any more clips?
Show me another one.
Is that the only one?
Well, they're revolting against their government, and from what I understand, they're protesting and rioting and acting crazy down there.
But that's what's happening right now in Mexico.
Did anybody know that?
And this is what I saw was corruption in their—you probably shouldn't play any more of that.
You don't want to get your video flagged.
But you see what's going on in Mexico today.
And as we are praying and we're interceding for the nations, this is the seriousness of the hour.
This is why I'm trying to tell you all about Venezuela and the uprising of sending in the military to overthrow the Venezuelan government.
And the Lord showed me revival starting to break out.
I saw a lot of people getting born again.
I saw there was a lot of witchcraft in Venezuela.
Can anybody confirm that?
I don't know.
But I saw a blackness, a haze upon the nation with a lot of occultic activity.
And the Lord said he was bringing revival to Venezuela, that they have not been forgotten, that there will be a major revival in Venezuela, and it will go through South America.
And South America will have an amazing move of God just like everybody else will.
Most people, because we don't talk about it, think it was always about America, but God is going to visit Asia.
God is going to visit South America.
God is going to visit Africa.
And you see all this turmoil and all this uprising right now.
And the Lord is showing me just because you see all this, we're about to have a major breakthrough.
We're about to have a major turnaround, and you're about to see a major revival with all these people breaking out and getting upset and all this stuff going on.
Get ready for the church to arise in these areas and see a supernatural harvest for the kingdom of God.
We must believe for this.
That's why the Lord told me, 'I called you.
We're here to pray and to pray for the nations.
' I saw the Cold War getting colder and I saw Venezuela and Cuba and these nations all coming together to bring forth a greater, stronger BRICS.
They would be offered a position, while the United States was basically trying to put their finger in it, saying, 'No, you're not going to do this,' because the dollar has to remain king.
It was just very serious.
So, we see this is what I'm trying to tell y'all.
But we're going to have a major move of God in America.
We will have a major move of God in these nations, in Mexico.
And yeah, we have corrupt politicians.
Yes, we see all these things.
But I'm telling you, there's a lot of good people in these nations that just want a move of God, that are hungry and desperate and thirsty for a touch from Jesus.
And that's why I'm trying to tell you, the Lord said, 'I'm going to visit and shake the Catholic Church.
' Why?
There's 1.
4 billion Catholics.
And there are a lot of people—like we had a young man, 11 years old, born and raised Catholic.
He helps the priest with the sacraments.
He gave his heart to Jesus Christ on the channel this week, yesterday or the day before.
And his mother emailed us.
She was so excited that her 11-year-old son said the sinner's prayer, but he's a volunteer at the Catholic church and is very involved there.
She said he gave his heart to Jesus Christ watching your channel, 11 years old.
And that's why we do this.
I wept.
I told D, she shared a picture of him and showed this little boy and how he gave his heart to Jesus Christ this week.
And that's why we do this.
It's for the little boy.
We know that God is going to visit the youth in the Catholic church.
That God is going to shake and he's going to awaken a major move of God in the Catholic community.
And the same thing is what he said, 'I'm going to visit and I'm going to fix some false doctrine in the Mormon church.
' And he said, 'There's a lot of false doctrine, but I'm going to visit.
' I saw Jesus himself showing up to people in the Jehovah's Witness and Mormon faith.
I know it's probably two different things, but I saw this: that there would be a move of God and that there would be a breaking off of the church and that they would split from it and start teaching the way they should about Jesus, versus the way the Mormon church is.
I saw a splitting in the Mormon church.
And the Lord said, 'There's a major revival going to take place in the Mormon church, Brandon.
There's a lot of good people there that are just deceived in their doctrine, and I'm going to visit this church, and I'm going to set these people free.
They've been taught wrong.
' And he said, 'Brandon, I'm going to visit them.
There's a lot of good people.
' Most people go, 'Well, you know, no,' but I heard the spirit of the Lord.
And he said, 'I'm going to visit and there's going to be revival and there'll be a splitting.
' The church will be split.
Some people will just keep going with the same old doctrine, but there'll be many that split off and go the other way.
And it's the right way.
But there'll be a major revival even in the Mormon church in these last days.
He said, 'Brandon, I wish that none should perish but all come to repentance.
' He said, 'I'm going to even visit the satanic church.
Brandon, I don't even want the highest occultist witches and warlocks to go to hell, Brandon.
Do you understand?
I died for every single one of them not to go to hell.
' I was like, 'Man, they serve the devil.
They deserve to go to hell.
' But he said, 'I don't want that any man should perish.
' And I thought, 'Lord, you even love the Satanists with all your heart.
You love them all.
You look past all that they do and blasphemy against you, all the darkness they do to sacrifice and afflict the church and try to bring things down.
' He said, 'I love them all.
Pray for a revival even in the demonic.
Pray for revival in the satanic church.
Pray for revival, Brandon, that they would get born again.
They're just blinded.
' Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbelievers.
But Jesus Christ loves even the darkest devil worshiper.
Jesus Christ loves even the deepest, darkest satanic priest.
Jesus Christ loves them.
And he doesn't want that any man should perish.
Hell was not created for a devil worshiper.
Hell was not created for a Muslim.
Hell was not created for an unbeliever.
Hell was not created for a Buddhist.
Hell was created for the devil and his demons.
We're all God's children.
And he wants every one of us to repent and come to the saving knowledge of Jesus Christ.
Unless a man is born again, unless you know Jesus Christ is your Lord and personal Savior, you will not enter into the kingdom of God.
No other religion, no other faith will get you to heaven other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven.
You must know this.
Unless you confess Jesus Christ, you'll never make it.
I don't care what false doctrine somebody's told you.
I don't care what kind of religion you think you can go by.
Well, if you go by martyrdom, you'll get 90 virgins or whatever they say.
There is no other way to the Father other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
Muhammad can't save you.
Buddha can't save you.
Joseph Smith—it doesn't matter, they all know who I'm talking about—he can't save you.
The prophets can't save you.
I don't care who.
The only way to heaven is the Lord Jesus Christ.
You must know him and he must know you.
I know there's a lot of people that believe there's more than one way to get to heaven, but you're wrong.
That's a doctrine of demons.
Jesus Christ is the only way.
You must know Jesus today.
I tell you all this because we're running out of time.
As I hear, the Cold War is getting colder.
This next war will be even worse, and I saw a red button in a briefcase being flipped open.
I believe that was probably the nuclear codes and the nuclear football.
I saw a thing with the red button and the Lord said, 'Oh, they'll want to push it in the days ahead.
' Do you understand?
They want to escalate this thing to bring in the Mahdi.
Everything is getting aligned for the Antichrist.
We're just so close to him stepping on the scene.
We're so close to seeing the Antichrist step on the scene, to see the third temple be rebuilt, to see the chip come into play, to have a one-world order with a one-world currency, a one-world everything.
We're so close to seeing this.
If the next plague comes out like I've seen it—and I've seen it—I believe it is at the end of 2027 going into 2028.
If that timeframe pans out and that virus comes out in this timeframe, it'll be around December of 2027.
The end of November into December of 2027 is what I'm praying over right now.
And if that virus comes out at that timeframe, December of 2027, that's the timeframe I've been seeing.
It is a major, major plague.
It will usher in a change because they say money is not—you can't touch money.
Money is tainted.
We need to have a digital platform.
You can't touch this currency because the virus is on that money.
You can't touch coins.
We've got to eliminate the spread.
So, they have a digital ID, and I said they'll roll it out with your cell phone.
I've already told you the next phase.
This will become mandatory to purchase, or buy or sell, or do anything.
You'll have to have a cell phone to go to the store and have them scan it because cash will be done away with.
It's coming.
I warn you.
Are you a frog in a pot and the water's boiling around you?
You don't even realize it.
How close is Jesus Christ to coming?
All this other stuff is a distraction.
But the main focus you should be focused on is: do you know the Lord Jesus Christ?
Not what's going on on social media.
Not what's happening with this YouTuber or that YouTuber or what's happening with this ministry or what's happening in your life because no other ministry, no other revelation, no other YouTube channel is going to get you there.
Do you know Jesus for yourself?
That's what you have to ask yourself.
If you were to die today, you're not going to stand with Erica or with Candace or anybody else.
Who are you going to stand with?
It is just you.
Not me, not Diana, not Braden, but you will stand before the Father and give an account for everything that you've done on this earth.
And he'll say, 'Did I know you?
' or 'Depart from me; I never knew you.
' No other prophetic ministry, no prayer channel, no nothing can get you there other than you knowing Jesus Christ for yourself.
And it's coming to a point in time right now where it's going to start to escalate to a point where you're not even going to recognize things with signs in the heavens, signs in the earth, genetically modified food, genetically modified life.
We've got senators talking on Fox News.
They said they'll genetically create whatever you want in a lab.
And I said they'll splice your DNA and they'll make a perfect baby and it'll be called, instead of Build-A-Bear, you'll build a baby and you'll be able to have all these genetically perfect people.
And I said it is like what Hitler did when you've got to create the perfect human race.
I said it is the same ideology of Hitler.
And I said certain nations will grab a hold of this and run with this.
And they'll take the semen and the egg, they'll combine it, make it in a tube, and then grow it.
And if it doesn't look like what you want it to, and it's not what you ordered, they abort it right there and kill the life.
I said this is what's coming.
This is 'as in the days of Noah, so will it be.
' Do you understand?
It's the same kind of thinking.
It's the same sick perversion.
But Jesus warned us this stuff was coming.
I'm telling you, things are escalating at a rocket ship speed.
It's happening every day.
Look at the riots.
Look at all the stuff.
Why?
Because the Son of Man is coming.
Jesus Christ is coming.
We're being ushered in, ready to go into the Great Tribulation, ladies and gentlemen.
But that's why I try to tell you every single time I come on here and give you an opportunity to ask you, 'Do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
' You're running out of time.
No man is promised tomorrow.
No woman is promised tomorrow.
Unless a man is born again, unless a woman is born again, you cannot enter into the Kingdom of God.
And these things that are happening on the news are happening so quickly and it's so disturbing what's being talked about.
It's like, 'Is this real?
' But it is real.
The morals and the corruption of man's thinking, the escalation of things is happening so rapidly, so quickly.
But you're running out of time.
That's why I keep telling you, we're about to see things that you never dreamed you would see.
Before we start praying tonight in what I always call go tubing, I have to ask you if you're here: do you know my friend Jesus?
Not all the other things that I've talked about matter other than this one thing.
If you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, you must know my friend, and he must know you.
You must repent and turn from your wicked ways.
This will be what gets you to escape the wrath to come.
I truly believe knowing Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior is your ticket.
Nothing else will save you.
Your grandma can't save you.
Your mom, no preacher can save you.
Only you confessing him and believing with your heart.
For with the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
And I've heard it many millions of times: there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
But either way, you're making a choice.
Even if you don't make a choice, you think, 'Well, I'm not making a choice.
' No, you just made a choice.
You made the wrong choice if you didn't accept Jesus.
So, I want to ask you: do you know him?
And if you would like to know him, I want to say a little prayer with you.
I want you to become bold about what you stand for.
Get a backbone like a crowbar.
Don't be a wimp and stand up for what you believe in tonight.
And I want you to become radical in your faith for Jesus, in your decision.
And tell us in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.
' Don't be a chicken.
Don't be a wimp, but be bold about your decision just as much as Christ was bold about dying for you.
He died for you so that you don't have to go to hell.
He died for you so that you don't have to have poverty or sickness and disease.
He wants to be your Lord and Savior.
But he's a gentleman and he'll never force his way in on you.
It's only by grace are you saved through faith.
And it's by saying, 'Lord, I need you.
I need you.
Lord, I need a relationship with you.
I repent.
' So, I'm going to say the prayer right now.
And if you're here and you've never accepted Jesus, tonight's your night.
I'm going to say this prayer and it's a quick, easy prayer and we'll go right on.
But I cannot go on with prayer not knowing if you know Jesus and you're just here spectating.
The prophets can't save you.
I don't care who.
The only way to heaven is the Lord Jesus Christ.
You must know him and he must know you.
I know there's a lot of people that believe there's more than one way to get to heaven, but you're wrong.
That's a doctrine of demons.
Jesus Christ is the only way.
You must know Jesus today.
I tell you all this because we're running out of time.
As I hear, the Cold War is getting colder.
This next war will be even worse, and I saw a red button in a briefcase being flipped open.
I believe that was probably the nuclear codes and the nuclear football.
I saw a thing with the red button and the Lord said, 'Oh, they'll want to push it in the days ahead.
' Do you understand?
They want to escalate this thing to bring in the Mahdi.
Everything is getting aligned for the Antichrist.
We're just so close to him stepping on the scene.
We're so close to seeing the Antichrist step on the scene, to see the third temple be rebuilt, to see the chip come into play, to have a one-world order with a one-world currency, a one-world everything.
We're so close to seeing this.
If the next plague comes out like I've seen it—and I've seen it—I believe it is at the end of 2027 going into 2028.
If that timeframe pans out and that virus comes out in this timeframe, it'll be around December of 2027.
The end of November into December of 2027 is what I'm praying over right now.
And if that virus comes out at that timeframe, December of 2027, that's the timeframe I've been seeing.
It is a major, major plague.
It will usher in a change because they say money is not—you can't touch money.
Money is tainted.
We need to have a digital platform.
You can't touch this currency because the virus is on that money.
You can't touch coins.
We've got to eliminate the spread.
So, they have a digital ID, and I said they'll roll it out with your cell phone.
I've already told you the next phase.
This will become mandatory to purchase, or buy or sell, or do anything.
You'll have to have a cell phone to go to the store and have them scan it because cash will be done away with.
It's coming.
I warn you.
Are you a frog in a pot and the water's boiling around you?
You don't even realize it.
How close is Jesus Christ to coming?
All this other stuff is a distraction.
But the main focus you should be focused on is: do you know the Lord Jesus Christ?
Not what's going on on social media.
Not what's happening with this YouTuber or that YouTuber or what's happening with this ministry or what's happening in your life because no other ministry, no other revelation, no other YouTube channel is going to get you there.
Do you know Jesus for yourself?
That's what you have to ask yourself.
If you were to die today, you're not going to stand with Erica or with Candace or anybody else.
Who are you going to stand with?
It is just you.
Not me, not Diana, not Braden, but you will stand before the Father and give an account for everything that you've done on this earth.
And he'll say, 'Did I know you?
' or 'Depart from me; I never knew you.
' No other prophetic ministry, no prayer channel, no nothing can get you there other than you knowing Jesus Christ for yourself.
And it's coming to a point in time right now where it's going to start to escalate to a point where you're not even going to recognize things with signs in the heavens, signs in the earth, genetically modified food, genetically modified life.
We've got senators talking on Fox News.
They said they'll genetically create whatever you want in a lab.
And I said they'll splice your DNA and they'll make a perfect baby and it'll be called, instead of Build-A-Bear, you'll build a baby and you'll be able to have all these genetically perfect people.
And I said it is like what Hitler did when you've got to create the perfect human race.
I said it is the same ideology of Hitler.
And I said certain nations will grab a hold of this and run with this.
And they'll take the semen and the egg, they'll combine it, make it in a tube, and then grow it.
And if it doesn't look like what you want it to, and it's not what you ordered, they abort it right there and kill the life.
I said this is what's coming.
This is 'as in the days of Noah, so will it be.
' Do you understand?
It's the same kind of thinking.
It's the same sick perversion.
But Jesus warned us this stuff was coming.
I'm telling you, things are escalating at a rocket ship speed.
It's happening every day.
Look at the riots.
Look at all the stuff.
Why?
Because the Son of Man is coming.
Jesus Christ is coming.
We're being ushered in, ready to go into the Great Tribulation, ladies and gentlemen.
But that's why I try to tell you every single time I come on here and give you an opportunity to ask you, 'Do you know Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior?
' You're running out of time.
No man is promised tomorrow.
No woman is promised tomorrow.
Unless a man is born again, unless a woman is born again, you cannot enter into the Kingdom of God.
And these things that are happening on the news are happening so quickly and it's so disturbing what's being talked about.
It's like, 'Is this real?
' But it is real.
The morals and the corruption of man's thinking, the escalation of things is happening so rapidly, so quickly.
But you're running out of time.
That's why I keep telling you, we're about to see things that you never dreamed you would see.
Before we start praying tonight in what I always call go tubing, I have to ask you if you're here: do you know my friend Jesus?
Not all the other things that I've talked about matter other than this one thing.
If you're here tonight and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior, you must know my friend, and he must know you.
You must repent and turn from your wicked ways.
This will be what gets you to escape the wrath to come.
I truly believe knowing Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal savior is your ticket.
Nothing else will save you.
Your grandma can't save you.
Your mom, no preacher can save you.
Only you confessing him and believing with your heart.
For with the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
And I've heard it many millions of times: there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
But either way, you're making a choice.
Even if you don't make a choice, you think, 'Well, I'm not making a choice.
' No, you just made a choice.
You made the wrong choice if you didn't accept Jesus.
So, I want to ask you: do you know him?
And if you would like to know him, I want to say a little prayer with you.
I want you to become bold about what you stand for.
Get a backbone like a crowbar.
Don't be a wimp and stand up for what you believe in tonight.
And I want you to become radical in your faith for Jesus, in your decision.
And tell us in the comment section right now, 'I want to be saved.
' Don't be a chicken.
Don't be a wimp, but be bold about your decision just as much as Christ was bold about dying for you.
He died for you so that you don't have to go to hell.
He died for you so that you don't have to have poverty or sickness and disease.
He wants to be your Lord and Savior.
But he's a gentleman and he'll never force his way in on you.
It's only by grace are you saved through faith.
And it's by saying, 'Lord, I need you.
I need you.
Lord, I need a relationship with you.
I repent.
' So, I'm going to say the prayer right now.
And if you're here and you've never accepted Jesus, tonight's your night.
I'm going to say this prayer and it's a quick, easy prayer and we'll go right on.
But I cannot go on with prayer not knowing if you know Jesus and you're just here spectating.
We're not worried about how much we have.
We just know that you're the God of multiplication.
And I believe that whatsoever a man sows, that will he also reap.
And we thank you, Lord, that as tithers and givers, we believe that you said you'll give unto us good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, Father, that we lack no good thing.
We cover our sin in the blood, Lord.
We cover our lives in the blood.
And we thank you, Father, for the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
And we thank you, Father, that we hear you and a stranger's voice will not follow, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Father, I thank you that you speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you, in Jesus' name.
I thank you, Lord, that I don't get snared by anything and I hear you, God.
And if there's anything you want to show us tonight as we pray, Father, we're there.
If not, that's fine.
We don't seek the visions.
We don't seek the gift.
We seek the giver of the gift.
We never have ever sought visions.
We seek the giver.
We seek you.
We don't seek that, Father; that would be bad.
But we seek you, Father.
For Father, you said that you would inhabit the praises of your people, and you give us the desires of our heart.
And our desire is to be more like you and to fall more in love with my friend because he is my friend.
Thank you, Lord.
We don't seek the gift.
We don't seek visions.
We don't seek the prophetic.
We seek Jesus.
We don't seek healings.
We don't seek prosperity.
We seek Jesus.
We seek you, Lord.
Father, in all that we do, in word and in deed, we give all to the glory of God.
In all that we say and all that we do, we give all to the glory of God.
And we take the blood right now in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
It's relationship, and we want relationship with you.
I want a God that I can talk to.
I want him to be real to me.
And when you get real with God, God will become real to you.
So much fakeness, so much thee and thou, and so much hermeneutical and theosophical debating.
He never said, 'I wanted you to be adults.
' He said, 'Come unto me like children.
' So many people try to come spiritual.
'Well, I got a PhD and a masters and all this other stuff, and I'm telling you, I know the word and I am just like the Pharisees up in here.
' But he's just going, 'Well, I ask you to be like a little kid.
' It's good to educate yourself.
It's good to have a knowledge of the word, but come to him as a child because your education and all that you think you know is really nothing.
He's looking at you going, 'Your education's a joke to me.
I'm glad you just studied to show yourself approved, but really you just need to lower your pride level down and know that you are just coming in here with your pampers on still before the Father.
' Come before the Father with your pampers on.
I just need daddy.
Please fix this.
I got a mess up in here that only you can fix.
Lord, my life is a mess without you.
Father, I need you, Jesus.
All have sinned and come short of the glory of God.
I don't care how much they try to put on a religious front.
All have sinned and have come short of the glory of God.
It's only by his grace that you're able to stay in that throne.
Thank you, Lord, for the grace that Jesus paid the price for me to walk in victory over all of this.
It's only by grace Jesus paid the price for me.
And we confess it and we get rid of it and we keep walking with it.
Thank you for your grace.
Thank you for your mercy.
Thank you, Father, for your relationship.
I receive it.
I am the righteousness of God in Christ Jesus.
As he is, so am I in this world.
It's all washed in the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
Thank you, Lord, for redeeming me.
Thank you, Lord, for setting me free.
Christ paid the price of the broken law.
He paid the price for me.
I'm not under the curse.
Jesus has set me free.
For sickness, I have health.
For poverty, wealth, for Christ has ransomed me.
He said, 'Not with one spot, one blemish or blot.
' His blood was shed for me.
Thank you, Lord, that Jesus Christ paid the price for me.
And Lord, we thank you that we're able to enter in boldly by your blood, by your grace, by your mercy right now.
We yield ourselves over to you.
Open the eyes of our heart, Lord.
Open the eyes of our heart.
I want to see you.
We worship you tonight, Lord.
We worship you.
We magnify your name in all the earth.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
Holy Spirit, we love you.
We praise you.
We adore you.
We glorify your name in all the earth.
Lord, we praise you.
We worship you, for you are good and your mercy endures forever.
Great is your faithfulness to us, O God.
The anointing is so strong, I don't know where to take it.
I see the sun.
I see the sun as the moon.
Nothing in this life can survive without the sun.
Nothing.
As it is in the natural, so it is in the spiritual.
Nothing can survive without the sun.
Every living thing needs a sun.
You understand?
Like life, it brings life.
Every living thing, we all need the sun.
Every one of us, boy or girl, it doesn't matter.
We all need this Jesus.
I see the sun, and the sun was making all the flowers and everything grow as he was passing by.
Everything is looking at the sun.
The flowers, they all point toward the sun.
The trees grow toward the light.
We grow toward the light.
But the Lord is bringing forth a new rain to make things grow, for we all just need a new drink.
We cry unto thee, O Lord.
We cry each day.
We cry out to you each day.
His desire for you is to come up underneath the greater flow of Him and the greater manifestations of the glory on you.
There's much more for you as you go up and you know your authority.
You must know your authority.
But as of this night, see, it's time for you to come up and see the glorious way that I have for thee.
Partake and stay.
He wants you to come and stay.
Stay open, for the greater days of the glory are upon you.
For many have lost their way, but as of this day, they're finding their way—going back to the first love, going back to what you had before.
You will see 'church unusual.
' If you will operate in what I've called you to do—He's calling the church to operate as one, as it was in the book of Acts.
They were of one sound and one accord.
They become one sound and one accord when you move as one, flowing with the Son, flowing in the greater gift, flowing in this way each and every single day; there's nothing that you won't accomplish.
When we pray and obey each and every single day, praying and obeying what the Spirit of the Lord tells you to do, coming up higher in the fire.
Out of that belly shall flow the rivers of living water, flowing with the Holy Ghost and power.
There's nothing you can't do.
The greater works you will do as you go unto the Father.
You are sitting at His feet, beneath that throne.
Oh God, thank You.
I'm just Your son, I'm just Your daughter.
We're so hungry and thirsty; we just want to know You more.
We want to have revelation knowledge of who You are.
Thank You, Lord, that according to Ephesians, the eyes of our understanding would be enlightened.
Father, I thank You that the enlightenment of my eyes allows me to know who I am in Christ.
I know my authority.
I know that I walk in abundance and the fruit of the Spirit.
I'm walking in love, for faith works by love.
Love never fails.
Love takes no account of a suffered wrong.
Love bears up under anything and everything.
The foundation is love—that's 1 Corinthians 13.
For You are the Most High; may You be glorified.
We glorify You, O God.
We magnify the King of kings and the Lord of lords.
For Father, You said, 'If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me.
' Well, it's time to get out the bigger nets.
We call in the unsaved from the north, south, east, and west, drawing them in in the name of Jesus.
We call in the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen.
Father, I thank You that it would be groundbreaking.
We call in a more than five-billion-soul harvest.
We're calling them all in right now, believing for big.
You said, 'I wish that none should perish.
' We call them in right now.
We command Satan to release them right now.
We call the eyes of their understanding to be enlightened and flooded with light.
We call for the blinders to come off their eyes, for Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever.
We say their eyes are open and full of light.
We call for the salt to draw them in.
Father, we won't lose our saltiness; we're salty for Jesus.
For it is the salt that causes man to thirst, and we are the salt of the earth.
We thank You, Lord, that we won't lose our saltiness and that people see the glory on us.
Let every cell, every fiber, everything about us display the glory of God so that when people see us, they see Jesus.
Everything that is holding us back or blocking us from being in the greater glory, Father, I thank You that You remove it.
Thank You, Lord, that we're coming up higher with the fire, for the manifested presence of the glory of God, healings, and demonstrations of the glory.
Thank You, Father, that we're always in the right place at the right time.
We give You all the glory, honor, and praise.
Father, you said there's going to be a shaking to awaken in the body of Christ.
I thank You, Lord, that there's a rising up of new Davids who have a backbone like a crowbar.
They rise up and do what You've called them to do with great power and authority.
We don't shrink back; we keep pressing.
Father, I thank You that we have authenticity in the body of Christ—that people are authentic and we get rid of this fakeness.
A shaking in the church, Father, that we see authentic believers who practice what they preach.
They act the way they need to act behind closed doors.
If they mess up, they repent and turn before they burn.
Get radical for Jesus.
You can mess up and have a bad moment, but that doesn't mean you're a bad person.
You just don't live in the moment.
You keep on keeping on, seeking Him daily, Lord, and You said we'd find You.
Knock and the door will be opened.
Father, we seek You.
We call for revival in Living Word and in these churches represented all around.
We call for protection over President Trump and revival in the White House.
We call for revival in South Korea, North Korea, China, and the underground church.
We call for revival in Iran.
We say in the name of Jesus, the persecution in Nigeria stops.
Father, I thank You that the body of Christ rises up and the genocide stops in the name of Jesus.
That the angels of the Lord would manifest and make war against it.
That they would stand in there and say, 'There are more who are with us than there are with them.
There are more who are with us than there are with them.
' And I thank you that you, the God who has never changed, the God who is still the same, the same yesterday, today, and forever, warred on behalf of the people of the Bible, and he will war on behalf of the people of this world right now in Nigeria.
Our brothers and sisters who are being slaughtered, I thank you, Lord, that it stops.
I put a hedge, Father, with angelic aid and assistance all around them.
Angelic aid and assistance all around the people of Nigeria.
Angelic aid and assistance in the name of Jesus.
We call angelic aid and assistance in the name of Jesus over the people of Nigeria and over Africa, wherever else this is happening, that the angels of the Lord, twelve-foot-tall angels with massive swords, are seen, and they go, 'We've got to get out of here!
' and they are scared spitless.
They will come out against us one way and flee before us seven ways.
This stops, and the people of Nigeria are protected.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we see a turnaround.
As of this day, we see a turnaround, and great revival breaks out in Nigeria.
We call revival to break out all over Africa in the name of Jesus, from the top to the bottom, all around the sides.
We call a major revival over the continent of Africa in the name of Jesus, for a major move of God is coming to the continent of Africa in the name of Jesus.
We call a major move of God in the name of Jesus over South America, Australia, Asia, Japan, South Korea, North Korea, Taiwan, and Vietnam.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the major harvest of souls is coming over these nations in the name of Jesus; that a great shaking to awaken will manifest and shake the governments, shake the parliaments, shake the prime ministers, the governors, and all the people who are in authority.
We call a great move of God over these nations in the name of Jesus, and that the greatest outpouring of the Spirit of God would be upon us in the name of Jesus with the greatest harvest of souls in the name of Jesus.
We're calling them in.
We're calling them in in the name of Jesus, that every one of them will get born again.
We call a shaking.
We call a shaking in the nations.
We call a shaking and revival.
We call revival a stirring in our hearts, a stirring of the lackadaisical.
We call a stirring in them in the name of Jesus.
All over Australia, we call a stirring in them, a stirring in them with great sounds of new worship, great sounds of new praise flowing out of our churches like we've never heard before.
A great move of God in the name of Jesus.
We're calling it in.
We're calling it in in Jesus' name.
Oh, come on, Father, that you would visit us one more time, one more major harvest time.
We call a major move of God in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord.
I know you've not forgotten us.
Father, you said you'd never leave us and you'd never forsake us.
We become bolder about who we are.
Revival starts with us.
Revival starts with you and me.
Revival starts in our churches.
He's looking; he's waiting on us.
What would we do with it?
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you stir in the people whatever it takes, that we have a 'whatever it takes' in these last days.
We protect the unborn.
We stand for the innocent.
We stand for the unborn, the aborted babies.
We stand for the innocent and the innocent lives that are being aborted by the hundreds of thousands.
We stand for the innocent life, Lord, and we call forth, for the blood cries out from the ground.
Their blood cries out, Father.
We call for change.
The innocent cry out.
Their blood cries out.
Father, oh God, for all the babies that have been aborted, for the genetic modifications and the mutant things that they're trying to do.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you're stirring.
There's a stirring.
There's a repentance, for they're trying to become you, God, and mess with even how a baby is made.
There should be judgment concerning these things, Lord.
This is dark.
They should not be trying to create things that are perfect, but you called each and every single one of us perfect.
We're all fearfully and wonderfully made without some kind of computer trying to make us like mutants.
You called every single one of us fearfully and wonderfully made.
Doesn't matter if you're fat, skinny, or tall; Jesus paid the price for us all.
Father, there is no such thing as a perfect human being other than the Lord Jesus Christ.
He was the only one perfect, and there's not going to be any kind of lab-grown baby that's perfect.
The only one who was perfect was Jesus.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that you put a kink in their hose.
You put a kink in the plans that this will not happen.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
I thank you, Lord, for shaking the nations for child trafficking, for all the things in the Epstein list, whatever is involved in the Epstein list.
Father, I thank you that you bring it to light, that this stops, that they'll not traffic children anymore.
That the littlest innocent girls and boys who are being trafficked by the hundreds, if not thousands, tens of thousands from Europe all the way around.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that this nonsense stops.
You told me a new venereal disease would come, and it would be so painful it would make them eunuchs.
I thank you, Lord, that that manifests, that they will not be able to touch these children anymore.
You said, 'Touch not the children.
Touch them not.
' Better for you never to have been born than to attach a millstone around your neck and be thrown to the bottom of the ocean.
Do not touch the children.
We call, Father, a hedge of protection around them, that like it says in Hosea, there be a hedge of thorns placed around them, that the evil hand touches them not.
That the evil hand, the unclean hand, touches them not.
Like it says in Hosea, the unclean hand will touch them not.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for a hedge around and about the children.
Father, in our cities, in our towns, on the countryside, we have a major revival.
brush arbor churches are starting up in the name of Jesus.
We will see on this Sunday, even today, we call turnaround.
We call a turnaround.
'What's wrong, love?
' 'Oh, no.
I was just checking that verse.
' 'Oh, it's in...
I believe it's in Hosea.
Or 1 John says, "But he that is begotten of God keepeth himself, and the wicked one toucheth him not.
" Yeah.
But the unclean hand...
I remember Billy Burke quoting Hosea about the hedge of thorns and the unclean hand.
' Thank you, Father.
We give you praise and we give you glory that you're stirring in the churches.
You're stirring in the pews.
You're stirring in the congregations, Father, around this nation.
You stir in them, Lord, for this is one last call, one last push for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
We give you praise and give you glory and give you honor for it.
We call for the people who are not able to have children to have children, that we be fruitful, multiply, and replenish the earth.
We thank you, Lord, that their wombs are open.
Father, they're healthy in body.
All the mamas, all the daddies, they are healthy in body.
Father, we call healing and wholeness and wellness over every person that's represented here tonight.
Father, whether they're dealing with sickness of the mind or sickness of the body, we call them healed and whole and delivered in the mighty name of Jesus, that they're no longer bound by depression, anxiety, fear, or the torment of worry.
Father, we cast down every high imagination that exalts itself above the word of God.
According to 2 Timothy 1, God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power and of love and of a sound mind.
We thank you, Lord, that every person represented here tonight has a sound mind.
No PTSD, no bipolar disorders, no depression, no schizophrenia—none of these things.
These are the works of the devil.
We thank you, Lord, that Christ has redeemed us, healed us, and made us whole.
We call deliverance over our bodies in the name of Jesus.
Father, this is the temple of the Holy Ghost, and we will walk in divine health from thyroid disorders.
We call thyroid disorders healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Hashimoto's, all kinds of things with the thyroid, we call healed and whole and well.
What is it, Hodgkin's?
What is that?
I don't know, I just heard that.
Hodgkin's.
Okay.
Well, we call that healed.
I stand with you.
Call it out if you hear it.
That's good.
Hodgkin's.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that even Parkinson's and all things neurological, we call healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
Tonight is the night of a great breakthrough of the healing touch of Jesus Christ.
If Jesus Christ paid the price for it, why are we taking a hold of it?
He paid the price.
I'm not taking a package from the devil and saying, "Well, he delivered it on my door via FedEx.
" I'm not taking a package from FedEx from the devil.
I resist the package.
I tell you, return to sender.
Go back to where you came from.
You're not coming in this house.
I don't want your package from the devil.
Return to Sender, and you're going back to the devil that you came from.
I'm not allowing you to come in my house.
You're not going to plague me with sickness, disease, fear, torment, depression, anxiety, high blood pressure, or high blood sugar.
You're not going to put any cancer on me.
You're not putting any prostate problems or ovary problems, whatever it may be.
We call healing and wholeness and wellness in the name of Jesus.
You either believe it or you don't.
I say you're not putting that package in my house.
That's what he does: he takes a big old dump and puts it there and says, "Here, accept this" with the UPS man.
You ain't doing that for me.
That's not my gift.
That's not my package.
You take that back.
Return to sender.
He does it every day—takes a big old demonic dump and tries to deliver it to your house.
You ain't pooping on my porch.
Get out of here with your fear, worry, anxiety, depression, PTSD, all your glaucoma, and all your thyroid stuff, whatever it may be.
I say in the name of Jesus, I submit myself therefore unto God.
I resist the devil and he will flee as in terror.
I believe, Father, I receive it in the name of Jesus.
I will not allow him to cast fear thoughts.
I will not allow him to say, "Well, you're not going to live.
" No, with long life He said He would satisfy me and show me His salvation.
Either you believe it or you don't.
I feel like that's good tonight.
We made great strides calling for revival.
Every prayer experience is different.
I feel the anointing was calling it in.
I didn't see but a couple of little things there.
You don't have to see to flow with the Holy Ghost.
I could hear it.
He more than likely doesn't show visions with most, but that doesn't mean you don't pray.
You keep praying, saying, believing, and hearing.
Not everybody's going to see, but everybody will hear.
The Bible says His sheep will know His voice and a stranger's voice we will not follow.
Every born-again Christian has the ability to hear the Father.
Some may never see visions or things, but we all have the ability to hear Him.
The word of God is Him speaking to me.
I believe when you read the word of God, He is the word, and as you read that word it becomes manifest in your life.
Faith cometh by hearing and hearing by the word of God.
You must read your Bible, pray, and seek Him daily to stay attached to the vine.
You can get that little book, "In Him" by Kenneth Hagin.
It's a good one.
I want her to finish reading that to me tonight.
We love you.
Could you please do us a favor before we close?
If you're new here, please like, subscribe, click the notification bell, and the thumbs up button.
Do everything you can to help us with the algorithm.
Help us get this gospel spread throughout the whole world.
We believe that Jesus Christ is coming and it takes many of us to get the job done by spreading this message.
We put it on X and all kinds of platforms trying to get new things going.
It's a lot of work, but we're so grateful.
Braden is so thankful.
He is a good boy; he works hard.
Braden is awesome.
He's such a blessing; everybody loves Braden.
He's a funny kid.
Look at the chat—look at all the love.
I said one day he'll find a girlfriend, a good Holy Ghost woman who speaks in tongues, loves the Lord, and wants ministry because Braden wants ministry.
I told him he'll find a good Holy Ghost woman one day.
I tease him all the time.
I sure love my son.
Find a Holy Ghost woman that cooks good, too.
Praise the Lord.
We're so grateful for every single one of you.
Thank you for praying with us and being part of this family.
Every time is different; it's like going down a river.
Who wants a cookie-cutter Christianity?
Isn't that boring?
I want all the cookies to look different.
Each one is a vital part of the plate.
Thank God for the good cookies.
Did they have any questions?
I try to be open and real with you.
I have nothing to hide.
I try really hard to be as transparent as I can about what the Holy Ghost has showed me.
We're praying over the nations that a cold war does not become colder or a major war become greater.
We know there will be wars and rumors of wars.
But I believe the greatest revival this world has ever seen is coming.
People say, "Brandon, you say that all the time" because you keep speaking it, standing, and believing it.
We are speaking spirits, and we are decreeing because our mountain needs to hear our voice.
We're calling those things that be not as though they were.
We're believing believers have authority, and we're saying we're going to have revival and see healings and manifestations of God's glory on this last generation in the name of Jesus.
The breakthrough is here.
Amen.
Yep.
Flaming Hot Cheetos is here again.
I see Flaming Hot Cheetos again.
I don't know why they like the Cheetos.
Thank you for coming.
You're such a strong supporter, always supporting us and praying with us.
We love you.
Flamin' Hot Cheetos likes Cheetos, I bet.
Do they like Cheetos?
Do you like Flamin' Hot Cheetos?
Diana, when she was pregnant with Braden, I believe it was, she ate bags of those things.
Or was it the beef jerky?
No, was it the fries?
Oh, I think those hot fries.
Yeah.
You used to eat those little Andy Capp's hot fries.
We would go to the vending machine and you said, 'I just got to have them, Brandon.
I just got to have them.
' So I'd go and get you and I'd pull up in there and we'd find a vending machine that had those.
And then we found them at Sam's.
And you said, 'I've got to have those.
' And I said, I tried a bag.
I said, 'How do you eat this?
It makes my stomach burn.
' Braden, do you like hot Cheetos now?
Yeah.
Well, I didn't know because you liked them when you were a baby in the womb.
I mean, I guess it depends on how hot it is, but yeah, I like it.
I remember whenever you were in there.
She doesn't eat them now, which is weird because during the whole time she ate them all the time.
That and pickles and I'd be like, she goes, 'I want a big old jar of pickles, Brandon.
' I would go in there and get one of those dill pickles that were massive from the movie theater.
And she'd just be sitting there gnawing on it.
And I was like, 'Oh babe, that's great.
' It's so good.
Put peanut butter on it?
You want some?
Oh, yeah.
Peanut butter.
Pregnancy hormone tastes like peanut butter.
You go, 'Wow.
' You know?
I ate lots of peanut butter crackers.
Peanut butter crackers and beef jerky.
It's funny.
I don't know where that came from, but those were the days a long time ago.
Every kid has different cravings.
Well, somebody, I'm believing God because there was a lady saying she's believing she's going to have a baby by this time, a July baby.
You'll have a Fourth of July baby.
Well, when we prayed, it would have been August.
It would be August babies.
August is still...
you don't want them to come too early.
Vine will not cast her fruit before the time.
No, August is perfect.
It's a hot month.
You'll be excited to get that baby.
I'll be like, 'I'm hot.
I got to get out of here.
I want some air conditioning.
' Laying in the pool getting your D3 in.
This is a time whenever the Lord spoke to me about getting our D3 levels up, and every time we do it, he said from November to March he told us about taking all that D3 and upping our levels, maintaining it.
He showed me the connection between—and this is not medical advice.
I'm not telling you to do it, okay?
I'm not a medical doctor.
I'm just telling you what I heard the Lord tell us.
It's just me talking.
But it was about the flu and sickness and snot bugs, you know, when you get viruses that were correlated with low vitamin D3.
And we were praying one day and then he showed me the goji berries and it was about the thumb.
And he said, 'Did you see that berry on that mountain?
' and he said, 'Those juices.
' He was talking about goji berries.
Well, when that lady sent that care package because I had all the congestion, for that wolfberries from...
she sent it through Amazon.
Yeah, got an Amazon order of wolfberries.
You know, they're from what's that drink?
The little package, NingXia Red.
I tell you what, that's some good stuff.
I think that's how you say it.
She got me some more of it.
I've been drinking those, popping them like Dr.
Pepper.
I've been shooting those back.
I'm telling you, I love that NingXia Red stuff drinking that.
And it has really helped me.
I started getting another virus because Megan got it off of some toys she touched at Cracker Barrel.
When we went to Cracker Barrel, Megan went in there and there were squishies in there and she touched them and she got sick off of it.
She loves those squishies.
Well, Megan went in there and she got a cold from touching those squishies from Cracker Barrel from those kids not washing their hands and so she started giving it to me again.
So, I started taking two and three of those NingXia Red a day.
And I'm telling you what, that is amazing stuff.
I thought, well, I'm going to start drinking more of those all the time.
I said, 'Diana, load me up.
Let's do those things.
' I don't know, they're doing something.
Thank you to whoever sent that.
It might have been Young Living that she sent.
Whatever it was, whoever it was, thank you.
We don't eat food outside when people send food and they want us to eat their cookie or whatever they've baked.
We don't eat that.
So, don't waste your time and your postage sending that.
If you send me food and it's in a package and it's coming from your house, I won't eat it.
I have threats against me and I just cannot take the chance of eating your food you cooked me and not knowing who you are.
You could be the sweetest person in the whole world, but I just can't take a chance on it.
And you sending me stuff is a blessing.
I appreciate your heart, but if you send me food, if you send me stuff straight from your house and it's not from Amazon or something, I will not touch it.
I just have too many people that do not like me.
And I'm just not going to go, 'Oh, well, I trust that.
Let me eat that.
' And then go, 'What happened to Brandon?
' You know, God said, 'Don't touch it.
You did it anyway.
' I believe God to protect me, but I'm not going to test the Lord thy God.
You're going to go out there and say, 'Well, we're going to tempt him.
' No, we're not going to do that.
So, we love you all.
We really truly do.
We pray this video blessed you and we will see you again.
We keep going even with the drama from the last one.
I thought, boy, that was a lot of drama.
But we keep our head held high in him.
I have to stay in him.
And I keep myself in him because all the other people try to drag me in their mess.
They like living in the gutter.
I'm not living there.
You've got to keep on marching like a soldier.
And people want to get you down in their funk.
And I'm like, I refuse to lay in your mess.
There's a lot of sister clipboards out there that just want to get all up in it and say, 'I'm not getting in there with you, sister clipboard.
' You go on about your clipboard self and have fun, but I am not going in that ditch with you.
There's a lot of people living in the ditch with their sister clipboard self.
It really is.
And I'm telling you, it's a lot of the body of Christ.
You would be amazed.
I go, 'Hey, we've got to come up higher.
Jesus is coming.
' Clipboards for Jesus?
Well, yeah, but don't even have a clipboard.
Just be free of the clipboard, sister.
My joke was bad.
Just get free of the clipboard, sister.
Help me slam dunk it.
Just throw the clipboard in the trash.
It's good.
We don't need it.
Sister clipboard.
Well, what are you going to do with it?
She's the hall monitor up in here going, 'You're late for church, Clint.
' And I'm like, 'No, no, no, no, no.
' I had to go and buy Krispy Kreme on the way.
You got to give me—no, not anymore.
Jamba Juice.
You don't eat that.
Not anymore.
I don't eat Krispy Kreme.
But you've been doing good.
I've been doing great.
Yes, I'm proud of myself.
I've been really trying hard.
Even today, I didn't have sweetener in my coffee.
I was like—but you get a taste for it and I thought, hey, you know what is amazing?
The Lord healed me.
I'm telling you, it's going to get better and better.
Next thing you know, I said, "Look at me.
I'm going to be light as a feather.
I'll fly like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
" Oh, you won today.
Oh, you beat Alabama.
So, all those that are Crimson Tide, Roll Tide.
Sorry your tide didn't roll, but the Boomer Sooners showed up, had a good game, and won by three or two.
And I was like, "Can you believe it?
We actually won.
" Our Boomer Sooners showed up today.
Boomer Sooners.
All right.
Well, Paisley wants to say good night, too.
"Hi, everybody.
" She said, "Hi, everybody.
God bless you all.
" Remember, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you and we love you.
God bless you all and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.